Major Project Group A Assignment 3
Minutes of the team meeting
4 May, 2022, Mechatronics Lab

Present: Michael Mei, Miguel Bentiro, Yingjie Mie 

Apologies: Aditya Bhambri and Stephen Capar are unable to make today's meeting.

Meeting Purpose: To update progress on our individual modules

Previous Actions:
- Discussed how to modularise the project
- Created a draw.io file for members to add their subroutines & functions to
- See previous minutes file for more specific details

Regular Items:
- Updated GitHub repository

New Items:
- Updated progress on each others' tasks
	
AOB (Any Other Business):
None.

Next Meetings:
a) 11 May, 2-5pm, Mechatronics Lab
b) 18 May, 2-5pm, Mechatronics Lab
c) Any online meetings inbetween the aforementioned meetings
d) 25 May, 2-5pm, Mechatronics Lab (Group Presentation!)